increase the size of txn to support vault (#14599)
hashicorp/consul: .changelog/14599.txt

```release-note:improvement

> api: Increase max operations size of a transaction for requests to /v1/txn

Reviewer: ```suggestion
api: Increase max number of operations inside a transaction for requests to /v1/txn (128)
```
